# Time-Management-Software
The software lets the executives register their daily appointment schedules. The information to be stored includes person(s) with whom meeting is arranged, venue, the time and duration of the meeting, and the purpose (e.g. for a specific project work). When a meeting involving many executives, and arrange a meeting (i.e. make relevant entries in the diaries of all the concerned executives) at that time. It should also inform the concerned executives about the scheduled meeting through e-mail. If no common slot is available, TMS helps the secretary to rearrange the appointments of the executives in consultation with the concerned executives for making room for a common slot. To help the executives check their schedules for a particular day the system has a very easy-to-use graphical interface. Since the executives and the secretaries have their own desktop computers, the time management software is able to serve several remote request simultaneously. Many of the executives are relative novices in computer usage. Everyday morning the time management software e-mails every executive his/her appointments for the day. Besides registering their appointments and meeting, the executives might mark period for which they plan to be on leave. Also, executives might plan out the important jobs they need to do on any day at different hours and post it in their daily list of engagements. Other features supported by the TMS are the following: TMS is able to provide several types of statistics such as which executive spent how much time on meetings. For which project how many meetings were organized for what duration and how many man-hours were devoted to it. Also, it is able to display on the whole during any given period of time what fraction of time on the average each executive spent on meetings.



Technologies Used:
HTML and CSS have been used to create the interactive UI. There are six HTML pages, all of which are linked to one style.css file which provides the design for TMS. Moreover, run-time interaction of the browser DOM is utilised to print the user-friendly messages in the script.js file which provides functionality to all the HTML pages. Server.js file finally connects the front-end to the ‘TMS’ mySQL database using express.js dependency provided to us by node.js framework, all of which have been downloaded into the package.json file using npm register.
